Remove references to PyPI/`pantsbuild.pants` wheels in docs (#19924)
pantsbuild/pants: docs/markdown/Using Pants/restricted-internet-access.md

Installing Pants
----------------

> The `pants` launcher from [Installing Pants](doc:installation) uses GitHub Releases to download and install a PEX including Pants and all itsdependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `pants` launcher from [Installing Pants](doc:installation) uses GitHub Releases to download and install a PEX including Pants and all its dependencies.
```
